Previously on "Midnight, Texas"...
I'm Patience Lucero.
My husband, Kai, and I own the hotel.
Healer Kai has a huge following
of the desperate.
This whole psychic connection
doesn't suck.
The hotel will be out of
business in three months.
- Ghosts.
- I've had too much fear.
Kai can't just kiss it better.
I have to leave Midnight,
and I have to do it alone.
I love you.
- Then let me go.
- I know you?
Name's Walr.
Demon hunter.
Welcome home.
I will avenge you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ah.
All right.
Close your eyes.
The pain's gone.
I've been to every
specialist in four states.
How did you do that?
Glad I could help.
Fine, Kai saved Manfred
and we're all grateful.
I guess.
But the guy was talking to a painting.
I mean, that is weird.
You sleep with a dead man.
We all have our quirks.
Isn't that what Midnight's all about?
It's late.
I'm gonna go home.
It's okay to miss her.
I'm fine.
Really.
Someone's in trouble.
I need to get in their room.
Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait. I'm confused.
Ghosts are real. Your hotel is haunted.
Well, I know that ghosts are
real, but you can see them?
Unfortunately, yes. Here, this one.
Quickly.
Come on.
- Damn it, he's gone.
- I don't understand.
Ghosts can't kill people.
This one can.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
- Hi.
- Hey.
Uh, they'll do an autopsy,
but it looks like he slipped
and knocked himself
unconscious and drowned.
That's not what happened.
It was a ghost. I saw her.
I thought ghosts
couldn't touch anything,
much less hurt someone.
No, the older and angrier they are,
- the stronger they get.
- All right, look,
we need to get everyone out of here.
- No.
- Kai...
No, we can't afford to shut down
three days after we open.
Well, someone else could die.
Well, I've only seen the
ghost in the one room.
She must be tethered there, which means
- the other guests are safe.
- Oh, so, what,
we just leave that
room empty indefinitely?
No, I'll do a little digging,
find out what her
unfinished business is,
get her to move on.
Yeah.
All right, thank you.
Least I can do.
You saved my life.
Ooh.
Any idea what happened?
No.
And they were fine yesterday.
Well, that could be part
of the problem: fan's off.
Oh.
You know, the last time
things started dying
around here, it was Colconnar.
We defeated Colconnar.
The veil is closed.
Bobo!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Weird.
Uh, I didn't do anything.
It just started up.
Even if it isn't Colconnar,
it could still be something demonic.
Or...
could be blight.
That's something that
kills plants, right?
Yes.
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Try not to obsess, okay?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I gotta get to work.
All right.
I think I know who she is.
This her?
- Yeah.
- That's Carolyn Baker
and her husband, Bruce.
They bought the hotel back in the '50s.
How'd she die?
Fell in the bathtub and drowned.
Just like our guest.
She's re-creating her own death.
What happened to her husband?
I've never seen a man so broken.
He closed up the hotel and moved away.
- I don't know where.
- You know,
before we remodeled, that
was the owner's suite.
- They must have lived there.
- Makes sense.
She's trapped where she died.
Oh, they looked so happy.
And then he lost her in an instant.
Whoo!
Hey, beautiful. Let me buy you a drink.
Turn around and walk away.
Hey, I'm new in town.
Can you give me some
directions to, uh...
your bedroom?
Guys, I love this top.
Don't make me get your blood on it.
Whoa, hey.
Hey, we just want to talk.
Let's go someplace a
little quieter, huh?
You know what?
Yeah.
Let's go somewhere a little more, um...
- private.
- She's not interested.
Jesus Christ!
What the hell was that?
They were bothering
you. I could feel it.
I can handle a couple of drunk townies.
I couldn't help myself.
It's okay.
Look, I'm used to
doing things for myself.
But we're married now,
and this whole thing...
That's what couples do, right?
They help each other out.
Okay.
I'll get used to it.
I saw your fangs.
- You're a vampire.
- Trick of the light.
I knew it. I knew vampires were real.
I've read "Twilight" seven times...
- Well, the good parts.
- Why don't you head home
and make it an even eight?
Will you turn me?
There's no such thing as vampires.
And trust me, you don't want to be
anything like me.
No matter what you hear, don't come in.
- I'll be fine.
- Because the salt
- will protect you?
- Exactly.
Ghosts can't cross a salt barrier.
Wait here.
Carolyn?
Carolyn Baker, show yourself.
Come on, you know you can't hurt me.
I just want to talk.
Please, get out of here.
Carolyn, I know your death
was tragic and senseless,
but you can't take it
out on innocent people.
What, you think I drowned that man?
He's here.
He killed me, and he'll kill you too.
- Who are you talking about?
- My husband.
Stay away from my wife!
Manfred?
Thanks for not listening to me.
Oh, I never listen.
Just ask my husband.
No, it's okay.
It's okay. We're safe.
I-I take it Carolyn's not moving on?
Carolyn's not the problem.
- It's the husband, Bruce.
- I thought that Bruce
sold the hotel and moved away.
Looks like he... he drowned
her and then he shot himself.
What?
Well, can you convince him to move on?
Doesn't exactly look like
the "find peace, walk
toward the light" kind.
I think we need a new plan.
You don't want to be kissing me.
No, I'm just tired.
- You're lying.
- So?
Lies are the foundation of
every happy relationship.
Back at the bar,
I was trying to help.
I know. You're perfect.
You anticipate my every need.
Only a total bitch would be angry.
But you know what?
I'm a total bitch.
- I'm aware.
- Hey.
There has to be a way
to sever this connection.
There is one.
I turn you into a vampire.
You really want to
have that fight again?
No, we barely survived the last time.
I...
I just need you to back off.
Ooh.
You pawned this in 1937.
Never thought I'd need it again.
What is it?
Keepsake.
Thanks.
Oh, a guy named Walker called
the bar looking for you.
I gave him your cell. Hope that's okay.
- Um...
- I'm sorry, man.
He knew you were an angel.
I just assumed you guys were friends.
No, it's fine.
Um, thanks.
- Hi.
- Hi. You were right.
- Hey, babe.
- Colconnar didn't kill
my plants.
I've also ruled out pixie infestation
and overwatering.
Well, that's great, right?
Well, plants don't just die.
Well, in my experience, they do.
Remember when I told you not to obsess?
Yeah.
It just didn't work out.
Maybe I can help get your mind off it.
- Hmm?
- Hmm.
You're right.
I need to stop obsessing.
And I really should get back
- to the shop.
- Mm.
- Don't wait up.
- Huh?
I got a shift at the bar later.
Ugh. Do you ever feel like
you have too many jobs?
No. You want me to stay home?
Be a kept man?
That wouldn't be so bad.
Are you okay?
That was, uh...
close.
The plants, the fan
this morning, now this.
Whatever's happening is supernatural.
- Feej...
- Bobo, something is trying
to hurt you!
The guests are talking.
We need the spirits gone.
Well, there is a spell that
makes an entire building
- inhospitable to the dead.
- No.
If we perform it on the hotel...
Kai... Kai, darling,
at least think about it.
There's nothing to think about.
I need balance to do my work.
Life cannot exist without death.
Energy has to flow. No
dead zones and no vacuums.
Well, then I'm out of ideas.
We need the big guns.
- We need Fiji.
- Fiji's the big guns?
She's cuter than a bug's ear.
Agreed.
But don't piss her off.
Why don't I do that?
Don't you think you're taking this
- just a little bit too far?
- I'm just being cautious.
Whiskey.
Double.
Since when did you start drinking?
Since I got married.
You'll get through it.
You and Olivia...
you're forever.
That's just it...
We're not.
Can I buy you a drink?
You bet your britches you can.
Seat's taken.
I want to apologize for last night.
I shouldn't have asked
you to turn me into a...
Vampire.
There's no such thing.
Trick of the light.
Got it.
Hey!
- I need 300 bucks.
- For what?
- Merch.
- No.
You know I'm saving for nursing school.
Yeah, you and every other stripper.
I'm good with people.
Spend your own money.
Wait, you don't have any.
Well, at least I don't go shaking...
Hey. End this here.
No problem.
You can find your own ride home.
Sorry about my boyfriend.
He's a real dick.
Rough day?
I had an interview at Crystal Desert,
but the man there didn't
even give me a chance.
He looked at me like I was stupid.
- I'm not stupid.
- Of course you're not.
Rickie says I'm not classy enough
for a place like that, anyway.
What do you think?
Is this top inappropriate?
I think you look lovely.
Thanks.
I guess it's back to
the Boobie Trap for me.
There'll be other jobs.
It just seemed so perfect.
I want to be a nurse.
It's a healing center.
I was sure I was gonna get it.
- Guess Rickie was right.
- Just met the guy,
but I'm pretty confident
he's never been right
about anything.
Hey, Lem, you mind closing up?
No problem.
So I did find a protection potion.
Or I can use one of those
inflatable sumo suits.
Couldn't hurt.
Mm.
Witches first.
If you want to wait, I'll close up
and I can see you safely home.
I don't know much
about silver poisoning...
but I don't think you'll be
in any condition to drive.
Finally, you're awake.
Oh, you... you drugged me.
- Why?
- I needed to...
lower your inhibitions
so you'd do what I wanted.
Hey, Daddy.
No.
So let me get this
straight: she drugged you...
and then you leeched her.
Why is she still alive?
- It's complicated.
- Oh.
Let me un-complicate it for you.
No, wait. From what I can gather,
her life has been a series
of blows, one after another.
She thought this was her way out.
- That's no excuse.
- Her boyfriend's
a 40-year-old DJ.
Still no excuse.
I learned to not kill.
She can too.
Fine.
I won't kill her.
But she is not sleeping on my couch.
Good thing we have a psychic connection,
'cause how else would
I know you're angry?
- Fiji?
- Hi.
This an okay time?
Yeah, I could use a distraction.
Well, uh...
we need to banish two
ghosts from the hotel.
Without making it
inhospitable to the dead.
Um...
yeah.
Yeah, I-I know a spell.
How you holding up?
Oh, uh...
fine.
Why?
You're a friend. I worry.
Nothing to worry about.
Breakups are hard.
You haven't really
given yourself much time
- to grieve.
- I don't know that "breakup"
- is the right word.
- You almost buried her alive
and she moved halfway across
the state to get away from you.
Creek and I have been through worse.
She asked you to let her go,
and you have to respect that.
Here it is.
Oh.
So, um, this spell
should untether the
spirits from this world
and force them into the next.
We'll need a goat's heart, some sage,
and the bones of the dead.
- Where are they buried?
- There's no record
of Carolyn's funeral,
and no one even knew
that Bruce had killed himself
until his ghost showed up.
So either the remains
are unidentified...
Or never found.
Hmm.
- Where did he kill himself?
- I don't know.
Bruce isn't much of a sharer.
At least not willingly.
Carolyn...
I need your help.
What are you doing?
He'll kill anyone who comes near me.
I know, but I need to
understand what happened
when you died.
Enter me.
I'll see what you saw.
Trust me.
Bruce thought I was having an affair.
He always thought I
was having an affair.
That's why he moved us out here,
- to keep me to himself.
- No!
Don't listen to her.
She's a liar.
Then what's the truth?
I was desperate to save our marriage.
I thought we could
start over in Midnight,
but she betrayed me...
again.
You want the truth?
I was faithful... Until we moved here.
I thought, "He'll never
believe I'm not cheating.
Might as well have some fun
with men who don't terrify me."
And for that, I was murdered.
I didn't have a choice.
You were gonna leave me.
You think I wanted to hurt you?
You drowned me in our bathtub!
Yeah, I think you wanted to hurt me!
I don't have to listen to this.
Enough!
Okay, look, Bruce, I get it.
She... she was your world,
and when everything else
was going to literal hell, you could...
You could still look at her and...
And feel hope.
You couldn't let her leave.
There was no funeral.
I-I'm guessing the...
The thought of putting her in the ground
was... was unbearable.
I was gonna send her body
back east to her family,
but I loved her so much,
I couldn't let her go,
so I made sure we'd be together forever.
You think you're some romantic hero?
You're a monster!
We have to get her back.
I have to explain.
- You'll help me, right?
- No.
I'm with her.
You're real evil.
You okay?
He was obsessed.
I saw it. I...
I felt everything.
He wanted the two of them
to be entombed in the hotel.
- Together forever.
- Where?
Looked like a...
like a coal room.
A coal room? We're a
certified eco-resort.
- There's no coal room here.
- But the bones
are in here somewhere.
We have to find them.
Picked up some cruelty-free blood.
She better be grateful.
Thanks.
Oh, a stripper sleeping in.
Who's shocked?
Wake up.
She's gone.
What am I feeling now?
Like killing something.
The old blueprints should
be in here somewhere.
If there was a coal
room back in the day,
this will be the easiest way to find it.
- Beautiful painting.
- Oh, well, that's been
in my family forever.
And the woman, who is she?
I actually don't know.
I kind of like not knowing.
She can be whoever I want her to be.
Okay...
here they are.
He took her body down the stairs...
turned left...
and then left again.
Here. This was the coal room.
That's where the bones are.
You really think there's
been two dead bodies
buried in this hotel the whole time?
It's Midnight.
There are skeletons in the closets.
And the walls.
And the floorboards.
Avoiding someone?
Spam.
You know, it's really
impressive, what you've done,
turning this place around.
Thanks, man.
Hey, you okay?
You seem off lately.
I don't know, I guess.
You know, my life was
about hiding from Bowie
for so long, and now, uh...
You need a purpose.
Well, I felt the same way
after I put my past behind me.
Didn't know what to do with myself.
So you opened the bar.
You just need to find your bar.
Thanks.
Well...
- trailer park was a bust.
- At least she hasn't killed.
That we know of.
Unless you two have
a psychic connection.
Feeling your rage is
quite enough, thanks.
Oh, well, if you don't like my feelings,
- quit eavesdropping.
- Forgive me for the sin
- of trying to help you.
- I am selfreliant,
and you knew that when you married me.
Oh, Olivia, why?
Why this pathological
inability to accept help?
It's who I am.
No, I want to know.
Why?
Tell me. Because the last person
I let myself rely on was my stepmother.
- Olivia, I...
- It's...
fine.
Just think.
What else do you know about Dawnette?
She wants to go back
to school, quit her job.
She hates the club, the
way men treat her there...
That's where she is.
The strip club.
How do you know?
Because it's what I would do.
She's getting revenge.
You're late again.
I'm gonna have to put you on
day shift starting tomorrow.
Hey, honey.
Change your hair?
Changed a lot more than that.
Hello, boys.
You know, I, um...
I couldn't help overhearing
you and Fiji talking.
I didn't know that
you just had a breakup.
Oh, uh, it's more of a...
- A break than a breakup.
- I just thought
because she moved away that...
No, I'm planning to
visit soon, actually.
Be a... be a grown-up,
talk things through.
Okay, well, that's good.
Most people give up
when things get hard.
You gotta take the
bitter with the sweet...
even when there's a whole lot of bitter.
Well, Creek and I aren't done.
I can feel it.
What the hell?
It looks like we're in the right place.
It's okay. It's okay.
I need you to tell
me what happened here.
I don't know.
It was all so fast, and
nothing made any sense.
Dawnette, she... she had fangs,
and she bit Sweetness and Cashmere.
They... they seemed
like they wanted her to.
It was like they died, right?
But then they got back up?
Cashmere said she wanted
to go after her ex,
but Dawnette said she
had one more stop first.
She hated this place.
Would do anything to get out of here.
I think I know where she's headed.
You should be safe on
this side of the line.
Anything happens, get the hell out.
- You, uh, cleared the hotel?
- Yeah.
Well, some of the staff
stayed behind to lock up.
But the rest of the guests, we sent them
on a meditation retreat.
Then let's get started.
- Guys.
- Hmm.
What are you doing?
Serving your eviction notice.
I nailed it shut. Don't
even think about it.
How long's this gonna take?
Longer if you keep pestering me.
- Was... was that...
- Me?
- No.
- Well, it must be
a blown fuse. Why don't you check
the breaker box downstairs?
All right. Okay.
Be careful. Watch her.
Ignis spiritum liberat.
- Is he still here?
- Ignis spiritum liberat.
No, you can't separate us.
Carolyn is mine!
Yep, still here.
Can't you just douse
it with lighter fluid
- and call it a day?
- It is an ancient spell
governing the barrier between
the living and the dead,
- not a barbecue.
- Sure.
- What's he doing now?
- I don't know.
Patience, no!
Manfred!
Leave her alone!
They're trying to separate us.
Good.
Fiji, we're... we're kind
of running out of time here.
Thank you.
There are secrets behind the woods.
Nothing's working.
Lyric, nothing's working.
I found a flashlight.
No, please!
I don't want to kill a stripper.
Isn't patriarchy the real enemy here?
Guess not!
What are you doing?
I had it.
That's not what it felt like.
Where's the other one?
I got this.
Where's Dawnette?
All I wanted was a chance.
You couldn't even give me that.
You came in for the front desk job.
I know what you thought.
I know what all of you think.
"Not good enough," "bimbo," "slut."
- I didn't think that.
- You're just like
all the others.
With them, I didn't have a choice.
I just had to take it.
But now...
you're the one who's gonna beg.
So you're headed to Austin now to, uh...
To visit Creek?
Um...
no.
No, she... she was right.
If I really loved her, I'd let her go.
- I don't want to...
- Be like Bruce?
Yeah.
Who knows? Maybe she'll
find her way back.
And what if she doesn't?
- Then that's her choice.
- Oh.
Oh, God.
Oh, I don't understand.
- Bruce couldn't have...
- No.
That was a vampire.
Kai.
I didn't see your pain before.
I didn't, and I'm sorry.
I-I shouldn't have sent you away.
- But I can help you now.
- Shut up.
- He doesn't deserve this.
- I don't care.
Fine. You don't deserve this.
You can't feel it now, but you will.
Every death will weigh on you
for the rest of your life.
Like your friends who you turned.
They're dead?
They tried to kill others.
We had to stop them.
I was so tired of being insulted...
used, groped.
- I just wanted...
- To be powerful.
I know.
I wanted the same thing.
And when every display of power you see
comes with cruelty,
you think the two are inseparable.
They're not.
You wanted to be a nurse.
You can still help
people. I can teach you.
Touching, but no.
We already gave her a chance,
and look where that got us.
No, no, no! No.
No, I-I can cure her. I can cure her.
Honey, maybe we should talk about this.
- I can take the vampire out.
- That's not possible.
No, energy is energy.
Is that what you want?
To be human again?
I wish I'd never done any of it.
I-I can't undo the past,
but I can give you back your future.
The hunger is gone.
You can make supernaturals human again.
He can turn a vampire
into a human again?
Saw it with my own eyes.
That changes everything.
All of us are here
because some part of us
doesn't fit in anywhere else.
If he can take that part away...
Aren't you tempted?
Give up your powers, live a normal life?
A year ago...
I would have done it in a heartbeat.
Not anymore.
This is who I am.
- What about you?
- I'm an angel.
It's a whole different kind of energy.
I'm stuck like this.
Are you worried about Kai's intentions?
Olivia still doesn't trust him.
Olivia doesn't trust the sun to shine.
But that doesn't mean she's wrong.
A man died because of you.
- I know.
- Because you ran to protect me
instead of taking out the threat.
- I know.
- That can't happen again.
I can't promise that it won't.
- Lem...
- Olivia.
I feel your every emotion
as if it were my own.
When you're in danger,
every cell in my body
is on fire, screaming
for me to help you.
I know what happened
in there was my fault...
but I can't turn this off,
and I can't ignore it.
I wish I could.
Then I don't know what to do.
See?
Safe as houses.
Looks like the protection
potion's working.
Or there never really was a threat
and you overreact...
No, I'm sure it was the potion.
Yep.
I don't know. Maybe I did overreact.
I don't want to lose you right after
we finally found each other.
Aww, baby.
Mm.
Oh, oh.
Oh!
We had sex the night you moved in,
and the plants died.
We were making out at the pawnshop,
and the chandelier fell. Now this?
So you're saying that our sex life
is causing me to have random accidents?
Yes.
- Feej, come on.
- No, no.
No, we can't even touch.
Not until I figure out how to stop this.
Okay, Sequoia, what do we have next?
Your next client has
been battling cancer
for the past five years.
There are secrets behind the woods.
What the hell?
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org